So first you mean to say try what are fun get me and all the windows.
OK.
Just wanted to ask Elenium Let's get me the all of windows available which also is governed by the driver
.
So then the command card gate window handles against the window.
It will read and handle any.
OK.
There are more than one window handy Lady Lady you can get window handles so it will give you all the
window.
Windows 8 is OK with this.
Do you see the date time expecting as set of springs.
If there are more than one window and the other three.
OK.
You'll have to explain the set of three strings.
Each link is and will handle any Ok even though it will really three window handy ladies.
So this is under fire please.
OK well we've been enjoying it since I live in diet and exercise every day.
There are three windows open.
So this get rid of the ladies first.
This mother and this unit are stored in the same day as Dr. King that's for the US and this group came
here with a set set of strings and they will dig into the the.
Them.
So this command will bring all the windows open and it blows and do.
I always say now for example that's how I go how the set will be stored
here.
So again this is Windows 8.
Yeah.
So now if I said I zoom lenses instead.
And when I get strings string handling is so fast build the store here on the first column.
First Basket the second one is in the second row.
And third one is darker.
OK.
One two three four four six eight is a half.
When asked what they mean to say this will restore the optimises first converso one two three four.
And now that's four way down here.
And the name of this and this is what if I won in the first I'll be the first to say when and when I
will be stopped by the fire because that is the Windows girl very initially.
So when I say get real don't hand this.
And when installing the say in the parent window I deal with it and in the second column the immediate
window got open from betting window will be dead and the third column.
The second table got very well with it and subsequently continues.
So it comes on faster.
So first of all of any it does matter.
First identify the better installs in the first place and then simply change next blessed and next subsequent
list.
Now in our case we have only two ways.
When I read this common one is betting and others take this change.
So only do we know how long the line is we get any store in this way.
Why when it's here and when is he.
OK.
So keep that in mind.
We have now lost with two.
Eight is one is bad and another is insane.
Now I want to get this take the 80 I'm basically extracted.
Oh my get.
Why am I doing about 80 of them knows when I want to just switch to that change window.
Ok firstly we pop that and I come back opposite driver door swings open up if you want to switch to
the other window from your bedroom window.
You have to switch to dark window.
OK.
So what do I need to switch that particular idea or that window.
The Handy lady you need to pass as an argument to this window in there so that when you hear the stair
switch to window or wherever you'd find that to get to that window drivable switched and U.S.-Indian
will find that by the Lecce window.
OK.
That all happens when you pass the ID into this document.
So it's simple it's a single step.
There are verses that we know that's a tantalizing party and I do that really don't mean that that's
intolerance for dogma but these get go ahead and give us all the easy to obey by the selenium and asked
on the same day.
And maybe we know the story in the first row and my chain is in second.
OK.
So the second row in this country is in two Golden Globes and the just like to say name is what we have
you in 80.
Now I want to come to this place and get this ID and I should place here.
So that's the only thing I need to do.
So then my desk is just on the window.
I have to balance the and get this in place.
So how can it travels to this place to say that there is an encore.
It says ideas.
OK this is an on set name and I start.
You say you get something like this it can be that it can be done to the steps in this and you get it
there rest of my people will say that I started with the help of the narrator.
And damn I'm a writer so let's see how can we do that.
Great.
And even though she's expecting I was trying.
So whatever it is expecting just place it in the reference and then say
to daughter don't get find by saying or God Bless.
It's very simple.
We just got to the window and they said no we are reading the of the radio.
And USAID the my name as like OK now by default this idea object will be on the top here.
So now today if you want to go to the fastest way and to get better and really doily that is faster
all you need to say I do our next.
OK.
So when Nick said this day it will come to the festival.
And it really grabbed the ighly.
OK.
Place it in.
If you say I did our mix will be here in the grabbing any place it in the string.
Right.
Let me get a better indictees with me because my gondola is here now.
I'm interested in getting to the 80 degrees I want to know one more next.
That's all.
You just said I did it again next.
If you say next again it will come down on Mr..
That's all you need to keep on saying I did.
Next day you'll find your Accelerando.
So here it is in second place I just get two days in prison first place decided on from the and what's
the cost.
But here I am interested in the second child window in motion.
Do I did not off the next second.
And this is my desired Child ID.
OK.
That's it.
I got my really into this video with the help of the director and now I read this the
driver door swings two window Chailly.
OK.
I will place here and now he pulls out this release ledge and broad from bed and that this child I.D.
and now I bring down the baby.
And now we have to see there.
I believe it was something like White will kill us.
For you information as sign.
OK.
So this is what I am expecting.
Right over the top.
Get it in
.
So let me run this.
So now before switching gets great you will get it on right now.
Let's run this and see what cranes and it does an arm can then take it.
This is something we need to restart on it gives to us we're going to bring this give me a minute to
restart my mission